                 CONSTITUTION OF THE ARCHIMEDEANS
          adopted  at the Constitutional General Meeting
                    on Wednesday 4 March  1981,
              amended at the Annual General Meeting
                    on Wednesday 3 March  1982,
              at the Extraordinary General Meeting
                     on Sunday 10 June  1984,
               and at the Annual General Meeting
                   on Wednesday 6 March 1985.

   CHAPTER I:    INTERPRETATION

   SECTION  1
      The Society shall be called "THE ARCHIMEDEANS".

   SECTION  2
      Throughout the Constitution:
      (i)    "University"  means  the University  of Cambridge,
              England,  and terms and phrases  relating thereto
              shall be  interpreted  as  in  its  Statutes  and
              Ordinances.
      (ii)   "Day" means a day of University Full Term.
      (iii)  "Member", except where otherwise qualified,  means
              any Honorary Member or Senior Member  or Ordinary
              Member or Associate Member.
      (iv)   "Voting Member"  means any Ordinary Member  or any
              Associate Member.
      (v)    "Subgroup" means  a subsidiary concern  authorised
              by the Committee  for a specific interest  within
              the Objects of the Society.
      (vi)   "Business Meeting"  means a Committee Meeting or a
              General Meeting.
      (vii)  "Meeting" means a Business Meeting or any activity
              organised by the Society or a Subgroup.
      (viii) "n" means  the total number  of Voting Members  at
              the time of reckoning.
      (ix)   "root n"  means the greatest integer  whose square
              does not exceed n.

   SECTION  3
      Throughout the Constitution words of the masculine gender
    shall be taken  to apply equally  to members  of the female
    sex.

   SECTION  4
      If any provision  of the Constitution  shall be found  to
    conflict  with the then current Statutes and Ordinances and
    Regulations and Proctorial Edicts of the University then it
    shall be deemed void insofar as it does so conflict.

   SECTION  5
      There shall be Standing Orders of the Society.   Any pro-
    vision of the Standing Orders  shall govern the conduct  of
    Members as if it were a provision of the Constitution, save
    that if it conflicts with any provision of the Constitution
    then it shall be void insofar as it does so conflict.

   SECTION  6
      There shall be Procedures of the Society.   Any provision
    of the Procedures  shall govern the conduct of Officers and
    Agents as if it were a provision of the Constitution or the
    Standing Orders,  save  that if it conflicts  with any pro-
    vision of the Constitution  or the Standing Orders  then it
    shall be void insofar as it does so conflict.
   SECTION  7
    The Publicity Manager shall also  post one copy of the Con-
    stitution and the Standing Orders  on the Notice-Board.

   SECTION  8
      In case of doubt,  the Junior Proctor shall interpret the
    Constitution.



   CHAPTER II:   OBJECTS

   SECTION  1
      The Objects of the Society shall be:
      (i)    to promote the study of Mathematics and to further
              the cause of Mathematicians in the University and
              elsewhere;
      (ii)   to cooperate  with,  and to cause cooperation  be-
              tween, the College Societies;
      (iii)  to cooperate  with the Faculty  of Mathematics  in
              the University;
      (iv)   to hold lectures and other events  of interest  to
              Mathematicians;
      (v)    to  publish  two  journals,  which shall be called
              "EUREKA" and "QARCH",   and other publications of
              mathematical interest;
      (vi)   to operate  a  Bookshop  for  the benefit  of  its
              Members.

   SECTION  2
      The activities  of the Society  shall have  no political,
    religious or racial bias.


   CHAPTER III:  COLLEGE SOCIETIES

   SECTION  1
      The following shall be recognised as College Societies:
      (i)    "THE ADAMS SOCIETY",
      (ii)   "NEW PYTHAGOREANS",
      (iii)  "THE QUINTICS",
      (iv)   "THE TENSORS",
      (v)    "THE TRINITY MATHEMATICAL SOCIETY".

   SECTION  2
      It is  a condition  of recognition  as  a College Society
    that it admit  to its meetings  as a guest  both any Member
    who  is  a member  of a College Society  and  any  Honorary
    Member or Senior Member.

   SECTION  3
      As long  as a College Society conforms  with SECTION 2 it
    shall continue to be recognised until:
      (i)    it dissolves itself;
      (ii)   it fails  to hold  a meeting  during any  academic
              year;
      (iii)  it is disaffiliated by a General Meeting.

   CHAPTER IV:   MEMBERSHIP

   SECTION  1
      The  Society shall  consist of  Honorary Members,  Senior
    Members, Ordinary Members and Associate Members.

   SECTION  2
      The Committee may from time to time elect such persons as
    it thinks fit to Honorary Membership. If accepted then such
    Membership shall last for five years  from the first day of
    October following this election.

   SECTION  3
      A Senior Member  shall be  any member  of the Faculty  of
    Mathematics in the University.

   SECTION  4
      An Ordinary Member  shall be  any resident member  of the
    University (or any other person whom  the  Committee  shall
    approve)   for  whom  a  currently  valid  subscription  to
    Ordinary Membership  shall have been paid  as specified  in
    CHAPTER V SECTION 2.

   SECTION  5
      An Associate Member  shall be  any person  not a resident
    member  of the University  for whom  a currently valid sub-
    scription
      (i)    to Associate Membership  shall have been  paid  as
              specified in CHAPTER V SECTION 4 or
      (ii)   to Ordinary  Membership  shall have been  paid  as
              specified in CHAPTER V SECTION 2  and commuted in
              accordance with CHAPTER V SECTION 5.

   SECTION  6
      The Registrar shall keep a record  of all current Members
    and he shall post this Membership List on the Notice-Board.
    Any Member  may require the Registrar  to place his name on
    the Membership List.  Except as proved otherwise to the
    Registrar the Membership list shall be taken as an
    accurate list of Members for any business of the Society.

   SECTION  7
      A Former Member of the Society  shall be any non-resident
    member  of the University  for whom  a currently valid sub-
    scription  to Ordinary Membership  shall have been paid  as
    specified in CHAPTER V SECTION 2.

   SECTION  8
      Membership shall cease under the following circumstances:
      (i)    the  conditions  of Membership, in the appropriate
              SECTION 2,3,4,5, are not met;
      (ii)   the Member notifies  the Registrar  in writing  of
              his resignation from the Society;
      (iii)  a  General Meeting  cancels  any subscription held
              and terminates the Membership.

   SECTION  9
      All Members shall be entitled to receive notification  of
    all Meetings other than Committee Meetings. All Members and
    Former Members may attend all Meetings other than Committee
    Meetings.


   SECTION 10
      At the discretion of the Registrar, any non-Member may be
    admitted  to a Meeting  other  than  a Business Meeting  by
    ticket which may be purchased from the Registrar on payment
    of an amount to be set by the Committee.

   CHAPTER V:    SUBSCRIPTIONS

   SECTION  1
      Honorary Members and Senior Members shall not be required
    to pay  any subscription.  Honorary Members  shall be  sent
    free of charge a copy  of each issue of "EUREKA"  published
    during their Honorary Membership.

   SECTION  2
      Subscriptions to Ordinary Membership  shall be available,
    valid as follows:
      (i)    for one academical year  and seven Days,
      (ii)   for two academical years and seven Days,
      (iii)  for life,
      (iv)   in special  circumstances  for  other  periods  as
             approved by the Committee.

   SECTION  3
      The subscription  in SECTION 2 part (iii)  shall be known
    as Life Subscription.  If subscriptions to Ordinary Member-
    ship  of a total validity for not less than three years are
    taken out for one person  then they compound  to Compounded
    Life Subscription  which is valid  for life also.  The sub-
    scriptions listed in SECTION 2 parts (i), (ii) and (iv) may
    be compounded to Life Subscription by payment of the diffe-
    rence from life subscription, only before the  thirty-first
    day of January in the Financial Year in which the subscrip-
    tion becomes valid.

   SECTION  4
      Subscriptions to Associate Membership shall be available,
    valid for five academical years and the next seven Days, at
    a  cost  to  be  set by the Committee.  They may be renewed
    upon expiry.

   SECTION  5
      Should  the conditions  of Ordinary Membership  cease  to
    hold, the subscriptions listed in SECTION 2 may be commuted
    to subscriptions to Associate Membership, on application to
    the Registrar,  for  the remainder  of  the period  of  the
    original subscription,  except for Life Subscription  whose
    commuted validity  shall be  for the first three academical
    years and the next seven Days  of the original subscription
    and  if this period  has elapsed  then commutation  is  not
    possible.  Only the last subscription paid towards any Com-
    pounded Life Subscription is commuted;  previous subscript-
    ions lapse  even  if they are still valid.  Entitlement  to
    "EUREKA" is the same as for the original subscription,  ex-
    cept that postage must be paid in advance.

   SECTION  6
      Voting Membership  may be valid  either from the time  of
    payment  of the subscription  (the remainder of the current
    academical year being counted as the first year of validity
    of the subscription)  or from the start of the next follow-
    ing Michaelmas Full Term.  Subscriptions  to Voting Member-
    ship  are valid for the first seven Days following the last
    academical year of their validity.
   SECTION  7
      Voting Members and Former Members shall be entitled  to a
    free copy of each issue of "EUREKA"  published during their
    Membership or Former Membership,  not exceeding  the number
    specified in SECTION 8  for their respective subscriptions.
    Unclaimed free copies shall be counted  towards this limit-
    ing total.

   SECTION  8
      The maximum number of free copies of "EUREKA"  to which a
    Voting Member or Former Member is entitled  depends exclus-
    ively upon the last subscription paid by or for that Voting
    Member  or Former Member.  The  number  shall be,  for sub-
    scriptions under:
    CHAPTER V SECTION 2 part (i),                          one;
    CHAPTER V SECTION 2 part (ii),                         two;
    CHAPTER V SECTION 2 part (iii),                      three;
    CHAPTER V SECTION 4,                                  five.
      For subscriptions  under Chapter V  Section 2  part (iv),
    the number shall be set by the Committee.

   SECTION  9
      Copies of "EUREKA" will only be sent  by post  to Members
    or Former Members  who leave a forwarding address  with the
    Registrar.  Former Members and Associate Members by commut-
    ation must leave postage money in advance with the Business
    Manager of "EUREKA".

   SECTION 10
      Neither may free copies of "EUREKA" be claimed  more than
    one year after their publication  nor is any entitlement to
    any issue transferable to any other issue.



   CHAPTER VI:   THE COMMITTEE AND PLENUM

   SECTION  1
      The affairs  of the Society  shall be governed  by a Com-
    mittee consisting only of the following Officers, who shall
    be  Ordinary Members, and  of whom the first  five shall be
    distinct:
      (i)    President,
      (ii)   Vice-President,
      (iii)  Secretary,
      (iv)   Junior Treasurer,
      (v)    Registrar,
      (vi)   Publicity  Manager,
      (vii)  Chronicler and
      (viii) Entertainments Manager.

   SECTION  2
      Each Officer shall be expected to attend each Meeting  of
    which  he shall have received notice.  He shall inform  the
    President  should  he be  unable  to attend  any particular
    Meeting.

   SECTION  3
      The following shall constitute the Plenum:
      (i)    the Committee;
      (ii)   the Senior Treasurer;
      (iii)  those Agents responsible for the following:
              editing, finance, printing  and  distribution  of
              "EUREKA"  and "QARCH"  and other  Society public-
              ations; the Bookshop; publicity; catering; visits
              and  other entertainments;  Subgroups;  any other
              specific interests;
      (iv)   representatives of the College Societies, mandated
              by the respective College Societies;
      (v)    Ordinary Members who shall have been Officers;
      (vi)   Voting   Members who shall have been Agents;
      (vii)  members of the Faculty Board of Mathematics in the
              University;
      (viii) any other  persons  at the invitation  of the Com-
              mittee.

   SECTION  4
      Each  Agent  shall be  accountable  to the Committee  and
    shall keep  true and accurate records  of all such monetary
    and other assets of the Society in his charge,  which shall
    be made  available  to the Junior Treasurer  and the Senior
    Treasurer.

   SECTION  5
      The Committee shall meet upon the request of any Officer.

   SECTION  6
      The Committee may invite  any other member  of the Plenum
    to discuss business  under his charge  at a Committee Meet-
    ing.

   SECTION  7
      The entire Plenum shall normally be invited  by the Vice-
    President  at  least seven Days in advance to the following
    special Committee Meetings:
      (i)    during the Lent Full Term, after the Annual Gener-
              al Meeting;
      (ii)   during the first six Days of the Easter Full Term,
              or on the day preceding it;
      (iii)  during the  first six Days  of the Michaelmas Full
              Term, or on the day preceding it;
      (iv)   after the division  of the  Lent Term,  before the
              Annual General Meeting.

   SECTION  8
      At a  Committee Meeting  each  member  of  the committee
    present shall  have just  one vote. No  decision shall  be
    executed without four votes having been cast in its favour.
      The  President shall  inform  officers  of all  relevant
    decisions taken at  Committee meetings. All officers shall
    inform those agents for whom  they are responsible  of all
    relevant decisions taken at Committee Meetings.

   SECTION  9
      The Chairman shall ensure  that the minutes  of Committee
    Meetings are taken.  The minutes  of each Committee Meeting
    shall be read at the next Committee Meeting. In order to be
    considered a true and accurate record of the proceedings of
    a Committee Meeting  the minutes shall have to be signed by
    each Officer present at the Committee Meeting to which they
    refer.

   CHAPTER VII:  DUTIES

   SECTION  1
      The President shall uphold the Objects of the Society. He
    shall be  the Chairman  at  all  Meetings  except  possibly
    Extraordinary General Meetings.  He shall appoint  a deputy
    to be  the Chairman  at any Meeting  from which he is to be
    absent  other  than  an  Extraordinary General Meeting.  He
    shall be responsible for the entertainment of any guests of
    the Society.

   SECTION  2
      The Vice-President shall manage the Plenum. In particular
    he shall be responsible for the following:
      (i)    the Caterer,  who  shall provide,  or cause  to be
              provided, refreshments at Meetings;
      (ii)   Subgroups.

   SECTION  3
      The Secretary  shall conduct the Society's correspondence
    and shall invite speakers to address Meetings.  He shall be
    responsible for :
  (i)    the booking of rooms for Meetings, obtaining equipment
          for Meetings , and the booking of rooms for speakers
          to stay in;
  (ii)   the preparation of the Society's Programme Card;
  (iii)  informing the Junior Proctor of the University and Se-
          nior Treasurer, and officers, of changes  in the Con-
          stitution;
  (iv)   informing   any other person , on demand , of any other
          information as may be his legal due.

   SECTION  4
      The Junior Treasurer  shall be responsible  to the Senior
    Treasurer for the financial affairs of the Society, keeping
    true and accurate accounts thereof which shall be available
    to any Member. He shall also inspect regularly on behalf of
    the Senior Treasurer  the accounts of the following Agents:
      (i)    the Business Managers of "EUREKA" and "QARCH", who
              shall conduct the financial affairs  of their re-
              spective magazines  and  shall arrange  for their
              printing;
      (ii)   the Bookshop Manager,  who shall be  available  at
              some reasonable hours  during which  he shall buy
              and  sell textbooks  at  rates  lower  than those
              offered by town bookshops;
      (iii)  any  other Members  entrusted  with any monies  or
              other assets of the Society.



   SECTION  5
      The Registrar  shall  maintain  the  Membership List  and
    shall  coordinate the recruiting  of new Members.  He shall
    oversee  the activities  of the  Distribution Manager,  who
    shall cause  to be distributed  within  the University  and
    elsewhere, by  establishing  a network in cooperation  with
    the  College Societies, such material as  shall be directed
    by the Committee.

   SECTION  6
     The Publicity Manager shall coordinate, and be responsible
    for, the  advertising  of Meetings  of the  Society through
    lecture cards, posters and notices in periodicals. He shall
    be responsible for :
      (i)    the Editors of "EUREKA" and "QARCH", who shall co-
              llect articles for their respective magazines,  &
              shall seek contact with mathematical societies in
              other universities;
      (ii)   the  Dihebdominalist, who shall edit the Society's
              Newsletter;
      (iii)  cooperating with the  Registrar in recruiting  new
              Members.

   SECTION  7
     The Chronicler shall be responsible for  ensuring that the
    annals  of  the  Society  are  kept  up  to date  and  made
    available  to  members  of  the Society.  The  annals shall
    provide a complete  and accurate account  of the activities
    of the  Society.  The Chronicler ought to  have both a good
    command of the English language and sufficient ability as a
    mathematician  to  make sense  of talks  delivered  to  the
    Society.  The Chronicler  shall  keep  minutes  of business
    meetings in a separate volume from other minutes.

   SECTION  8
     The  Entertainments  Manager  shall  be   responsible  for
    arranging  social  events  and  other events which are  not
    speaker meetings.


   CHAPTER VIII: TENURE

   SECTION  1
      (i)    Nominees for election as Officers  shall be Ordin-
              ary  Members  and  shall have been  proposed  and
              seconded by different Voting Members. Nominations
              shall  be  made  in writing  to the Secretary  at
              least twenty-four hours in advance  of the elect-
              ion  and shall be accompanied by the signature of
              the  candidate  indicating   his  willingness  to
              stand, his understanding  of the duties  entailed
              and his agreement to be bound by the Constitution,
              the Standing Orders and the Procedures.
      (ii)   A nomination may only be withdrawn  by the candid-
              ate himself, in writing to the President.
      (iii)  In the event  of no valid nomination  for election
              to an Office at the time of the election, the re-
              quirement that nominations  for election  to that
              Office  shall be  submitted  in advance  shall be
              waived.
      (iv)   Ordinary Members  may stand  for election  to more
              than one Office,  and retiring Officers may stand
              for  re-election, but  if, at  the   time  of the
              election  for  a  particular  post,  there  is  a
              candidate in  that  election whose  being elected
              would  infringe  Chapter VI  Section 1, then that
              candidate's  candidature in the election for that
              post  is  void.  Should   the   Chairman   at  an
              Extraordinary  General  Meeting wish to stand for
              election then  he shall vacate the Chair  and the
              Voting Members present and voting shall appoint a
              new  Chairman  from  among  the   Voting  Members
              present and willing to take the Chair.
   SECTION  2
      In the event  of more than one nomination for election to
    any Office,  there shall be a secret ballot to be conducted
    by the method  of single transferable vote  as laid out  in
    the single transferable vote Regulations  on pages 11 to 14
    of the Ordinances  of the first day of August 1979,  except
    that:
      (i)    section 1 shall not apply;
      (ii)   in section 2 delete "(see diagram below)";
      (iii)  in section 4  replace  "There shall be appended to
              the form of voting paper  a note to the following
              effect:"  by  "Voting Members  shall be given the
              following instructions:";
      (iv)   in section 17  "the Vice-Chancellor"  shall be re-
              placed by "an Ordinary Member  who is not himself
              standing in any election, appointed by the Chair-
              man".
      The ballots shall occur  in the order of CHAPTER VI SECT-
    ION 1  and each election shall occur only after the results
    of the previous election  shall  have  been  declared.  The
    candidates in each election shall leave the room during the
    voting in that election.

   SECTION  3
      If an Office falls vacant at a General Meeting and is not
    filled at that General Meeting or falls vacant at any other
    time  then the remaining Officers  shall meet  within seven
    Days to co-opt a willing Ordinary Member to that Office.

   SECTION  4
      Each Officer shall serve on the Committee until:
      (i)    his resignation shall have been presented in writ-
              ing to the President (or, in the case of the Pre-
              sident, to the Secretary);
      (ii)   he ceases to be an Ordinary Member;
      (iii)  the election of the President at the Annual Gener-
              al Meeting;
      (iv)   he is dismissed  at an Extraordinary General Meet-
              ing;
      (v)    his  resignation  is  requested  by  all the other
             members of  the committee  at a Committee Meeting,
             provided that notice shall  have been given to him
             of the intention  of this  request  at least three
             Days before this Committee Meeting.

   SECTION  5
      Each  Agent  shall have been  appointed  by the Committee
    from among the Voting Members  willing  to accept  such Ag-
    ency.

   SECTION  6
      Each Agent shall serve on the Plenum until:
      (i)    his resignation shall have been presented in writ-
              ing to the Vice-President;
      (ii)   he ceases to be a Voting Member;
      (iii)  the end of the Financial Year in which is held the
              next Annual General Meeting  after  his  appoint-
              ment; or
      (iv)   he is relieved of his Agency by the Committee.



   CHAPTER IX:   GENERAL MEETINGS

   SECTION  1
      The Annual General Meeting shall be held in the afternoon
    of the penultimate Wednesday  of the Lent Full Term  within
    the University precincts.  Its time shall have been advert-
    ised in the Programme Card, and its time and venue  on  the
    Noticeboard for at least the fourteen Days in advance.

   SECTION  2
      The business of the Annual General Meeting  shall be con-
    ducted in the following order:
      (i)    reading, amendment if necessary, and acceptance of
              the minutes  of any previous General Meeting  not
              already accepted by an  Annual  General  Meeting,
              unless held on the same Day;
      (ii)   presentation and acceptance of Annual Reports, in-
              cluding:
             (a) the Junior Treasurer's  interim report for the
              current   financial   year;   including   Society
              accounts,  consolidated   accounts  covering  the
              Bookshop, and  a  provisional budget for the next
              financial   year - the  format  of  these  to  be
              outlined in the Standing Orders;
             (b) an  audited  set of accounts  for the previous
              financial  year, including consolidated  accounts
              as in  (a), and  a  comparison  of  the budget to
              actual expenditure;
             (c) reports from the Business Managers of 'Eureka'
              and 'Qarch';
             (d) report from the Bookshop Manager;
             (e) possibly further reports from the subgroups.
      (iii)  election   of auditors   to  examine   the  Junior
              Treasurer's  books  for the  next  Annual General
              Meeting;
      (iv)   any business in SECTION 5;
      (v)    election of the Officers for the coming year;
      (vi)   any other Society business.

   SECTION  3
      An Extraordinary General Meeting shall be held  at a time
    and place  calculated  to be  to the convenience  of Voting
    Members  neither more than twenty-eight Days  nor less than
    fourteen Days  after the motion  requesting  it  shall have
    been passed  by the Committee  or the Secretary  shall have
    received a petition for it signed by root n Voting Members.

   SECTION  4
      At the beginning of an Extraordinary General Meeting:
      (i)    the Voting Members present  shall appoint a Chair-
              man  from among  the Voting Members  present  and
              willing to take the Chair;
      (ii)   the Chairman  shall appoint  some  Ordinary Member
              present and willing  to be responsible  for keep-
              ing  minutes  of this Extraordinary General Meet-
              ing.
      An Extraordinary General Meeting may conduct  any Society
    business. No Society business may be conducted at a Meeting
    other than a Business Meeting.

   SECTION  5
      General Meetings may conduct  the following business,  of
    which notice shall have been given to all Voting Members at
    least fourteen Days in advance,  only with a quorum of root
    n Voting Members, and voting on such business shall require
    a majority  of  at least  two thirds  of the Voting Members
    present and voting:
      (i)    dismissal  from  Voting Membership  of  any Voting
              Member;
      (ii)   reinstatement of Voting Membership to a person de-
              prived of it by part (i);
      (iii)  disaffiliation of any College Society;
      (iv)   dismissal from Office of any Officer;
      (v)    amendment of  the  Constitution  or  the  Standing
              Orders.

   SECTION  6
      Unless otherwise specified, the voting on matters of dis-
    pute at General Meetings  shall be by a simple majority  of
    those Voting Members present and voting.  In the event of a
    tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote.







   CHAPTER X:    INDEMNITY

   SECTION  1
      The Society shall have a Senior Treasurer who shall be ex
    officio  an  Honorary Member.  Should  the  post  of Senior
    Treasurer fall vacant at any time, within fourteen Days the
    Committee  shall invite  a willing Senior Member  to accept
    the post.

   SECTION  2
      The Senior Treasurer shall be responsible for the financ-
    ial affairs of the Society  as required by the Statutes and
    Ordinances  and Regulations  and Proctorial Edicts  of  the
    University.

   SECTION  3
      No Member  other than the Senior Treasurer  shall be held
    responsible  for the debts incurred  on behalf of the Soci-
    ety. "On behalf of the Society" shall be taken to mean with
    the approval of at least four Officers including the Junior
    Treasurer  and  with  the  written consent  of  the  Senior
    Treasurer.  The Society  shall not be held responsible  for
    debts otherwise incurred.

   SECTION  4
      Although Officers and Agents and guests may be reimbursed
    for reasonable expenses  incurred on behalf of the Society,
    at the discretion of the Committee,  no Officer or Agent or
    guest shall be paid any fee for any service.
   SECTION  5
      The  Financial Year  of the Society  shall  run  from the
    first day of April in any calendar year to the thirty-first
    day of March in the following calendar year.

   SECTION  6
      The Society shall be responsible in all circumstances for
    "EUREKA",  "QARCH",  the Bookshop,  and all Subgroups.  The
    back numbers  of  both journals  and  other Society public-
    ations,  the  stock  of the Bookshop,   the  collection  of
    magazines and books owned by the Society in the care of the
    Bookshop Manager,  and any monies  in the cash reserves  or
    bank accounts of these concerns, and any assets accumulated
    by any Subgroup, shall be the property of the Society.

   SECTION  7
      Such controversial opinions  as may be  expressed  in any
    publication of the Society  shall not be deemed to be those
    of the Committee.


   CHAPTER XI:   AMENDMENT

   SECTION  1
      The Constitution may be amended  only  at a General Meet-
    ing.  The notice to be given to all Voting Members may just
    outline the nature  of the proposed changes  provided  that
    they shall have been posted in full on the Notice-Board for
    at least the fourteen Days  preceding  the General Meeting.
    The Chairman shall strictly confine the  business  to those
    matters  pertinent to the motions  advertised  for at least
    the fourteen Days in advance  but, this notwithstanding, he
    shall accept the proposition  of further motions,  which do
    not affect  this SECTION,  not advertised  for at least the
    fourteen Days in advance,  if the alterations or amendments
    are  relevant  and  called-for  as a result of the previous
    dismissal of another motion concerning the same subject.

   SECTION  2
      The Standing Orders may be amended at a Business Meeting.

   SECTION  3
      The Procedures  may be amended  only at a Committee Meet-
    ing.
