 
                     The Quintic Society
 
 
 
Rules of 1925 with alterations of 1951, 1954, 1957, 1962,
1967, 1975, 1979, 1982, 1984 and 1987.
 
     Name and object of the Society
 
 1.1 That this Society be called the "Quintic Society".
 1.2 The object of the Society should be to promote interest
     in mathematics and allied subjects.
 
     Of Membership
 
 2.1 That the Society shall consist of full members and
     honorary members.
 2.2 That persons eligible for full membership be members in
     residence of Corpus Christi College, Darwin College,
     Newnham College, Pembroke College, Peterhouse, Queens'
     College, St. Catherine's College, Selwyn College or
     Wolfson College.
 2.3 That the committee have the power to elect as honorary
     members Masters of Arts and members of higher standing of
     the above colleges, not mathematical fellows thereof, and
     any other persons of distinction at its discretion.
 2.4 That mathematical fellows of the above nine colleges be
     invited to be Honorary Vice-Presidents of the Society.
 2.5 That any member may resign by giving notice to the
     Secretary.
 
     Of Subscriptions
 
 3.1 That subscriptions to full membership be available as
     follows:
 
        for one academic year, on payment of the sum x/2
 
        for two academic years, on payment of the sum 3x/4
 
        for life, on payment of the sum x.
 3.2 That the current value of the sum x be determined at a
     meeting of the committee, or at a General Meeting, held
     no later than the end of the Easter Term of the academic
     year preceding that current.
 3.3 That if subscriptions of total validity of not fewer than
     three years be taken out for one person, they shall
     compound to life membership.
 
     Of Re-election
 
 4.1 That any person who for any reason has ceased to be a
     member of the Society shall become eligible to become a
     member again on payment of a subscription as set out in
     rule 3.1, the period of membership to last for the
     appropriate length of time.
 
     Of ordinary meetings
 
 5.1 That the Society shall meet at least 6 times in each
 
     academic year.
 
     Of Officers
 
 6.1 That the officers of the Society shall consist of a
     President, a Vice-President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and
     a Graduate Representative (who shall be a graduate),
     chosen from the full members of the Society, who shall
     constitute a committee for the management of the affairs
     of the Society.
 6.2 That a College Representative for each of the nine
     colleges mentioned in rule 2.2 be chosen before, at, or
     as soon as possible after, the Annual General Meeting
     each year for the ensuing year.
 6.3 That no more than four officers of the Society be from
     the same college.
 6.4 That the officers be elected by the Society at an Annual
     General Meeting to be the last meeting of the Society in
     the Lent term, at which ten full members including an
     Officer shall form a quorum, and that the term of office
     be one year dating from this meeting.
 
     Of the President
 
 7.1 That the President take the chair at all meetings of the
     Society, except that in his absence the Vice-President or
     in the absence of both of them one of the other members
     of the committee shall take the chair. In the absence of
     all these persons the meeting may elect any other full
     member of the Society who is present to take the chair at
     the meeting.
 7.2 That the President or other member in the chair shall not
     vote on any question brought before the meeting except
     when a casting vote is necessary to decide the question,
     in which case he shall be requested to give such a
     casting vote.
 
     Of the Vice-President
 
 8.1 That the Vice-President be responsible for any social
     events that the Society may care to hold, and shall make
     arrangements with the Secretary for the booking of rooms
     for this purpose.
 
     Of the Secretary
 
 9.1 That the Secretary, or his nominated deputy, shall attend
     all meetings of the Society and Committee and take
     minutes of all the proceedings, and shall enter them into
     a minutes book from which he shall read them for the
     approval of the Society or Committee respectively at the
     next meeting if the meeting so require, with the
     exception that the Annual General Meeting minutes be read
     out at the next Annual General Meeting.
 9.2 That the Secretary have charge of all the correspondence
     of the Society subject to the direction of the Committee
     and shall at least three weeks before a paper is to be
     read to the Society take steps to confirm with the author
     the arrangements for the meeting.
 9.3 That the Secretary be responsible for the arrangements
 
     for all meetings of the Society, and that he shall give
     due notice to members of the Society of these meetings.
 
     Of the Treasurer
 
10.1 That the Treasurer shall have charge of all the financial
     transactions of the Society, shall keep regular accounts
     of money paid into the Society's account, and shall
     present to the Society at the Annual General Meeting an
     audited balance sheet.
 
     Of the Graduate Representative
 
11.1 That the Graduate Representative shall represent the
     views of graduate members to the Committee.
11.2 That the Graduate Representative shall give due notice to
     graduate members of the Society of all meetings of the
     Society.
 
     Of college representatives
 
12.1 That each College Representative be responsible for the
     distribution of newsletters and any other written
     material that the Committee may wish to be distributed to
     all members of the Society in the college of which he is
     a member, and shall also aid the Secretary in publicising
     meetings of the Society.
 
     Of the Committee
 
13.1 That the Committee shall manage and direct the affairs of
     the Society subject only to the control of the Annual
     General Meeting or in exceptional cases of Special
     General Meetings of which the Secretary shall give each
     full member of the Society at least five days' notice and
     at which ten full members including an Officer shall form
     a quorum.
13.2 That the Committee of which three members shall form a
     quorum shall meet at least once in each of the Easter and
     Michaelmas terms to make arrangements for papers to be
     read and to discuss any other business. The Secretary
     shall give at least five days' notice of such a meeting
     to all members of the Committee.
 
     Of Visitors
 
14.1 That members of other Colleges in residence who are
     members of their college mathematical society be entitled
     to attend all ordinary meetings of the Society, and that
     any person neither eligible for full membership nor a
     member whose account is in arrears may attend an ordinary
     meeting of the Society if introduced by a full member of
     the Society, provided no such person may attend more than
     one meeting in any one term, and that no member of the
     Society shall introduce more than one visitor at any
     meeting of the Society.
 
     Of alterations to the rules of the Society
 
15.1 That the rules of the Society may be changed only at a
 
     General Meeting of the Society, and such alteration can
     only be effected provided there vote for it two-thirds of
     the members voting. That notice of the proposed
     alteration to the rules together with the signatures of
     the proposer and seconder be sent to the Secretary at
     least one week before the meeting at which it is to be
     put to the Society or notice must be given at two
     ordinary meetings of the Society, and the Secretary must
     give all full members five days' notice thereof.
 
     Of voting
 
16.1 That only full members of the Society may vote at a
     General Meeting.
16.2 That all matters except changes of the rules may be
     decided by a majority of members voting.
 
     Of resignation from the Committee
 
17.1 That a Committee member may resign by giving notice to
     the Secretary.
17.2 That in the event of a Committee member resigning, the
     Committee (inclusive of the resigning member) has the
     power to co-opt a new member to the Committee.
17.3 That five days' notice of the proposed change be given to
     the Society by the Secretary.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
