           Standing Orders as from Friday 30 May 1980
           __________________________________________
 
 
         ratified at the Constitutional General Meeting
                   on  Wednesday 4 March 1981
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  1. MEMBERSHIP
  a) Honorary   Membership  shall  be  valid  for  five  years
      measured from the 1st April following  the  election  of
      the  Honorary  Member by the Committee, which may extend
      the membership at its discretion.
  b) The  subscription  for  an Ordinary Member of the Society
      shall be:
       i)   for one year, 1/2 x
       ii)  for two years, 3/4 x
       iii) for as long as the Member satisfies the conditions
             of Ordinary Membership, x
      where  the  value  of  x  shall  be as determined in the
      Standing Orders  at  the  time  of  payment.    Ordinary
      Members  who  have paid three annual subscriptions under
      clause (i), or one annual and one two-year  subscription
      under  clauses (i) and (ii), shall be considered Members
      for as long as they satisfy the conditions  of  Ordinary
      Membership.
  c) The subscription for Associate  Members  of  the  Society
      shall be:
       i)   for one year, 1/2 x
       ii)  for two years, 3/4 x
       iii) for three or four years, x
      where  the  value  of  x  shall  be as determined in the
      Standing Orders at the time of payment.   The membership
      of  an  Associate Member shall lapse after the period of
      years for which he has paid a subscription, but  may  be
      extended on payment of a further subscription.
  d) Members  of the Society  who  have paid  one year's  sub-
      scription  shall receive one free copy of Eureka,  if it
      is printed in that year. Members of the Society who have
      paid  either of the subscriptions under clauses b(ii) or
      c(ii) above shall receive free copies of Eureka  in  the
      year  of  payment  and  in  the following year, if it is
      printed in those years.   Members  of  the  Society  who
      have  paid  either  of  the  subscriptions under clauses
      b(iii) or c(iii) above  shall  receive  free  copies  of
      Eureka  in their year of joining and in the two subsequ-
      ent years,  if it is printed in those years.
  e) x shall currently be £5.00.   Any amounts specified above
      shall be rounded downwards to the  nearest  multiple  of
      5p.
  2. NOTICE OF MEETINGS
  a) A Committee meeting may transact  Society  Business  only
      when  every Committee member has received advance notice
      of the time and place  of  the  meeting.    This  notice
      shall take one of the following forms:
      if the Committee meeting is to be held in Full Term, but
      not in the first two nor the last two days of Full Term,
      either
       i)   a  notice on the Society's notice board three days
             in advance of the meeting and 48 hours'  personal
             notice to each resident member of the  Committee,
             or
       ii)  a notice on the Society's notice board seven  days
             in advance;
      if the Committee meeting is to be held outside Full Term
      or within two days of the beginning or end of Full Term,
       iii) 72 hours' personal notice to each resident  member
             of  the Committee, this being either sent through
             the post or delivered by  hand  to  the  member's
             College.
      In no case shall accidental non-receipt of notice by any
      person invalidate the proceedings of the meeting.
  b) The notice required to be given  for  an  Annual  General
      Meeting,  or  the  notice  giving  details  of  proposed
      changes in the Society's Constitution,  shall  take  the
      form  of a poster prominently displayed on the Society's
      notice board for  the  14  Days  preceding  the  Meeting
      concerned.
  c) The notice required to  be  given  for  an  Extraordinary
      General  Meeting  shall take the form  of a poster  pro-
      minently displayed on the Society's notice board for the
      7 Days preceding the Meeting.
  3. DEPUTIES
      Should the Secretary or the Junior Treasurer  be  unable
   to perform his duties  at any time, the Committee shall ap-
   point a temporary replacement who shall be a Member and who
   shall serve until
    i)   the former holder  of  the  post  is  again  able  to
          perform his duties, or
    ii)  there is a General Meeting of the Society, or
    iii) his appointment is terminated by the Committee, or
    iv)  he resigns.
  4. SOCIAL ACTIVITIES
      The  social  activities  of the Society shall include an
   annual punt party and an annual ramble.
  5. THE SOCIETY'S NOTICE BOARD
      The Society's notice board shall be situated in the Arts
   School, Bene't Street, Cambridge.
  6. EUREKA
      The  President,  Secretary, Junior Treasurer, Editor and
   Business Manager shall together determine the  cover  price
   of  Eureka.    This shall not exceed one-sixth of x without
   the approval of the Committee.   For each Member  paying  a
   subscription  the  Society  shall  pay Eureka at this cover
   price for each free copy that the Member will receive under
   Section 1(d).
  7. CO-OPTED MEMBERS
      The Computer Group Secretary shall be co-opted  onto the
   Committee.
  8. EXPENSES
      Whilst the Society shall,  at the discretion of the Com-
   mittee, reimburse its Officers and guest speakers for their
   reasonable expenses, it shall  in no circumstances  pay any
   fee to any Officer or guest speaker.
 
