!t STANDING ORDERS OF THE ARCHIMEDEANS
 
Adopted at a Committee Meeting on 4th March 1984. Amended at Committee Meetings
on 20th May 1984, 20th October 1987, 2nd March 1988, and 8th March 1989 and
at Plenum Meetings on 22nd April 1987, 14th October 1988, 16th October 1989, 7th
March 1990, 6th March 1991, 29th February 1992, 2nd May 1993, 17th October
1993, and 21st November 1993.
 
1. x = 5.00.
 
2. The Subgroups of the Society are:
      a. Computer Subgroup;
      b. Puzzles and Games Ring;
      c. Mathematical Models Subgroup;
      d. Othello Subgroup;
      e. Barber-Shop Subgroup.
 
3. The Committee shall try to ensure that 'Eureka' is
   published exactly once per academic year.
 
4. The Archimedeans' scarf shall be between three and four
   cubits in length, and constructed of lengthwise strips of
   colours and approximate widths in the following order:
      Dark green, 2     inches;
      Orange,       1/2 inch;
      Purple,       3/4 inch;
      Orange,       1/2 inch;
      Dark blue,  2+1/4 inches;
      Orange,       1/2 inch;
      Purple,       3/4 inch;
      Orange,       1/2 inch;
      Dark green, 2     inches.
   The Publicity and Entertainments Manager shall be responsible
   for its vileness.
 
5. The symbol of the Archimedeans shall be a projection onto
   Euclidean 2 - space of a sphere inscribed in a right circular
   cylinder of the same height as the sphere's diameter.
 
6. The transitive verb to clutt shall mean to render incomprehensible.
 
7. There exists the transitive verb "to zog".
 
8. The intransitive verb "to streat" shall mean to talk through one's hat.
 
9. Invitations to guest speakers in the name of the Society, or any
   Subgroup thereof, shall have been authorised by the Secretary.
 
10. (a) The Society shall have the following Agents, each of whom shall be
appointed by the Committee:
(0) Druid, who shall be responsible for the moral and spiritual well-being
of Members of the Society.
(1) Chartered Accountant, who shall advise the Junior Treasurer and need not be
qualified as a Chartered Accountant.
(2) Offical Photographer, who shall take photographs as he or she sees fit of
interesting activities performed by Members of the Society.
(3) Avuncle, who shall be a Member or Former Member who matriculated not less
than three years prior to his appointment.
(b) The President shall appoint the following :
(0) Patriarch or Matriarch, as appropriate, who shall have no grotty duties to
perform but shall advise the President on all matters. The President shall
listen to the Matriarch or Patriarch.  The Patriarch or Matriarch shall not
currently be an Officer, but shall have been an Officer.
(c) The Society shall have a President of Vice, appointed by the Committee.
He or she need not be a Member of the Society. He or she shall tend for the
vices of Members of the Society.
(d) The Society shall have a Procrastinator (or "Prat" for short) who shall
hinder the activities of the Society as far as possible, and shall take upon
himself or herself responsibilities which shall not be fulfilled.
The Procrastinator shall be appointed by the Plenum.
 
11. The transitive verb "to helena" shall mean to tamper with in such a way as
   to render completely nonn-funkshonal
 
12. In the Constitution, the noun "Mathematician" with a capital M shall mean
anyone who is or has completed taking the Mathematics Tripos.  The noun
"mathematician" with a small m shall mean anyone who is interested in
mathematics.
 
13. a) In any for/against/abstentions vote, all Voting Members present and not
validly voting shall be deemed to have abstained.
    b) The notation a/b/c shall refer to a vote with a votes for, b votes
against and c abstentions.
    c) A vote a/b/c is considered to have passed by a two-thirds majority if
and only if a>=2b.
 
14. It is not permitted for anyone not present at an Archimedeans Meeting to
vote at that Meeting, except where they inform the Returning Officer in writing
prior to the vote that some named individual present at the vote shall be their
proxy.  In the case of the election of Officers no proxy voting at all shall be
permitted.
