               The Constitution of the Tensors Mathematical Society.


1.  The name of the society shall be "The Tensors Mathematical Society"
   or "The Tensors".

2.  The aim of the society is to promote an interest in Mathematics and to
   provide a social society for its members.

3. Membership.
    There shall be two types of membership:
      (a) Ordinary membership.
          Any member of Cambridge University shall be permitted to become an
ordinary member upon payment of a fee, which is fixed for the year by the
committee. This membership shall last for 'life', which is defined as the
term of membership of the University or six years, whichever is the shorter
or until expelled.
          An ordinary member may attend speaker meetings and the Annual
General Meeting, and vote at the Annual General Meeting.
      (b) Honorary membership.
          Honorary members shall be admitted at the discretion of the committee
and may attend speaker meetings.

4. Meetings.
    (a) Speaker meetings.
        The committee shall provide at least six speaker meetings each academic
year. They shall be open to all members, guests of the committee, and members
of both The Archimedeans and their own College Mathematical Societies.
    (b) Committee meetings.
        These shall be called as necessary for the running of the society by
any member of the committee. 24 hours notice shall be given to all committee
members. To be quorate three members at least must be present.
        Motions shall be passed by a simple majority of committee members.
Motions carried shall take effect immediately.
    (c) The Annual General Meeting (AGM).
        This shall be held in the two weeks preceding the end of Lent Full Term
each year. There shall be a week's notice to all members given in the
Archimedeans' newsletter or on an Archimedeans noticeboard.
        The AGM shall be quorate if at least square root (number of active
members) active members are present. Active members are ordinary members who
have attended at least one meeting in this academic year.
        The agenda shall be as follows:
        (i) Reports from the committee.
        (ii) Members whose behaviour has in any way damaged the society may be
expelled by a two-thirds majority of those ordinary members present.
        (iii) The committee shall be dissolved and a new committee elected from
ordinary members. All nominations shall be voted upon as given in the Statutes
of the University. If any post remains unfilled at the AGM then the committee
may at a later date co-opt a willing ordinary member.
        (iv) Proposed changes to the constitution shall be handed to the
Secretary before the opening of the meeting, and shall be decided by a
two-thirds majority of those present and a simple majority of the committee
members.
        (v) A Senior Treasurer shall be approved.
    (d) Emergency General Meetings (EGMs).
        These shall be called as necessary by at least five ordinary members or
two committee members and one week's notice must be given. The EGM is akin to
the AGM in every respect but that :
        points (i) and (v) shall not be present and
        point (iii) shall be changed to "A motion may be proposed to dissolve
the committee, requiring a two-thirds majority to be passed. Following
dissolution a new committee shall be elected as in the AGM."

5. The Committee shall consist of those ordinary members holding the posts of
President, Secretary, Junior Treasurer, Chronicler and Bahamas Liaison Officer,
of which the first three are held by distinct persons.
   The members of the committee shall have the following responsibilities:
   (a) The President shall be responsible for the smooth running of the society
and is responsible for organising the conducting of meetings.
   (b) The Secretary shall create provision for all meetings.
   (c) The Junior Treasurer shall be responsible for the financial activities
of the society under the supervision of the Senior Treasurer.
   (d) The Chronicler shall record minutes of all meetings.
   (e) The Bahamas Liaison Officer shall make all reasonable efforts to
increase membership in the Bahamas.

6. A member of the University Teaching Staff who is willing to become Senior
Treasurer shall be appointed by the committee and shall be responsible for the
finances of the society.





